Welcome to the Institute of English Culture of Buenos Aires, ICIBA.
For more than twenty years, we have been dedicated to the teaching of the English language
English with commitment, quality and academic excellence.
Our teaching staff is made up of highly qualified professionals.
who accompany each student in their linguistic journey.
from the first levels to international certifications
At ICIBA, we believe that learning English is opening a door to the world.
Therefore, we promote personalized teaching, with small groups.
updated materials and a modern communicative approach.
Whether for children, teenagers or adults, each course is designed for
so that our students feel motivated, content and challenged to grow.
We invite you to be part of our educational community.
Because at ICIBA, we don't just teach English: WE BUILD FUTURES!.
Translated with DeepL.com (free version)